yes hey welcome to a very special
episode of roblox arcade where to our
taters go head-to-head in a battle of
the century Rock Paper Scissors shoot
so now the rules of the game for those
of you who are not familiar is you
there's there's a rock there's a paper
and there's a scissors and twist on the
classic game yeah and and you and the
scissors would cut the paper and the
rock will smash the scissors and somehow
the paper that covers the rock and
that's I I don't know all right it
sounds good we're gonna we're gonna
close their doors yeah we're gonna close
the doors so that we can't see each
other so I'm gonna pick mine I'm gonna
pick mine which one should I pick guys
come below yeah okay I got a boy i got
mine I got mine I got mine yeah you got
mine too
okay ready we're gonna do three three
out of five three out of five
uh I guess three out of five okay let it
ready see this when you're first a
dreamboat in three two one three good
okay paper covers rock man paper covers
rock
Paul the man with the toe jam met his
match okay all right okay all right all
right right all right all right all
right all right I'm ready I'm ready
oh oh yeah yeah reset reset let's try
this to go chandi okay honey um I'm all
righty
yeah um think so all right ready mmm you
know press the dream button three two
what Oh
crushing defeat approaching Davina's
just oh man oh man wow that was crazy
it's one to one first three wins oh my
gosh okay I don't know if I can handle
this much drama you should have our own
game show that just centers around this
every week new episode okay ready three
ready three
- one go Oh paper doesn't do anything to
paper the score is still 1 to 1 what
will happen next round tuning it's time
to part 2 of the rock paper scissors
Valley